h1. Liberty/ATG Standardization Payments Platform

h2. Rules of Repository Engagement
* Keep the root level unpolluted. Create a folder to hold logical groupings of work.
* An *Explore* folder is available to explore ideas without polluting your own directory structure. Please create folders underneath the Explore folder and do not pollute the root of the explore folder.
* Use the conventional SVN structures:
* *trunk* - Should contain a stable build of the application at all times
* *branches* - A branch should be created from the trunk to implement new feature development
* *tags* - *All Production releases MUST* be tagged. Make a tag for any point in time that may be important to the team. It is the *responsibility of your team* to tag your releases as they happen.
* node_modules and other package folders should NOT be checked in

h2. Documents folder

The *Documents* folder is a simple structure to hold important documents for the teams.

h2. Explore folder

The *Explore* folder is to be used for small sandbox style projects to explore ideas and technologies without polluting your team's SVN structure.  Feel free to use this folder as much as needed.  Please create folders underneath *Explore* for each project.  Please keep the root of this folder unpolluted.

h2. QA folder

The *QA* folder is a formalized SVN structure dedicated to the QA team. Please follow a conventional Subversion approach. See Rules of Repository Engagement.

h2. UI folder

The *UI* folder is a formalized SVN structure dedicated to the UI/UX team. Please follow a conventional Subversion approach. See Rules of Repository Engagement.